# gabbyangelina.github.io

  Creating this portfolio site had its challenges. At first, it was figuring out how I wanted my site to look. I created some wireframes for the homepage, including the navigation bar. I knew I had wanted it to have an inline structure and have some sort of bar that the separate page links would sit on. With the separate pages, I knew from the beginning that I wanted to have a multi-page site instead of a single page site. The most difficult part of that was figuring out how to organize all of the separate pages, and I solved this by creating a separate HTML and CSS for each page (About, Portfolio, Contact). The next challenge was deciding on a layout for each page. How would I make them all fit together cohesively? Each page has completely different content and therefore there's going to be some critical thinking involved to sort this out. Lo and behold, I found what I was looking for. I researched a scrolling/typewriter effect and integrated the code into my site, and it worked! It was unique and added a lot of personality to each page. I have the title of each page scroll from right to left with a colored background, and it stops before reaching the end of the page. When the text stops, the bar stops and forms a colored header box behind the title. I originally used different shades of purple throughout my site, but then later added a pop of color to that scrolling background to add more flare. 

  Another major challenge was organizing the portfolio page. Since I had multitudes of work I wanted to display, I had to really take the time to organize each project/set. I first placed the images, without actually uploading them yet so I could get a feel for how it would look. After that, I decided on how I wanted to order my projects/sets. I decided on using my graphic design projects first, since that is my major and eventually what my title will be. I then placed a couple illustrations after that, because that is going to be my minor starting this coming fall 2020 semester. To finish off the page, I placed several photography projects and then some sets of my own separate photography work. I felt that ordering it in this manner set the stage for how I plan on marketing myself. The next step was creating a description for each project. Originally, I was not going to include any descriptions, but after being given that suggestion I gave it a try and I found it to work extremely well. It allows the viewer to better understand each of my works instead of being left to ponder what their purposes are. Ultimately, my biggest challenge to date is getting my images to load on github. They have been resized accordingly and changed to png format, but still fail to appear when updated on my repository. Otherwise, I enjoyed creating this site and I'm very thankful to now have a portfolio page to display my work and send to potential employers. This semester has been my first time ever using HTML and CSS, and it's been interesting for sure. I'm proud to have coded my very own site!
